groups is all wrapped up and sqt has
done what they always do which is making
it out in first place I'm drained right
now by hooni with covers presented by
mobility X to talk about groups and
quarterfinals coming up
who needs so great to talk to you again
yeah yeah all of uh all of them it's a
long time no see Brazil sure yeah it's
like this past yeah more than like four
month right yeah it's fun every year at
I interview you and you're just on a
different team in a different region
every time I mean yeah first time was
athletic I guess and has been in na 2016
and for now is 2017 in SKT so you know
so much fun you just travel it's China
next year I don't know that what cooping
like ljl LMS you know Oceania go play in
Australia yeah yeah I looked I've been
there dude who does who knows well okay
so let's talk about SKT this year I will
say SKT compared to last year in the ER
before maybe looking a little weaker do
you feel like that way in groups
um well I I'll say not weaker just all
of team got a lot better and also to
pick and burn how we draft was just you
know like all they can be really hard
like we just put ourself that all the
game is really what's resting it's
really weak and trying to come back with
our competition that's like how we look
and sometimes we fail sometimes a
success but still we have kind of
mistake but illnesses like weaker just I
would say also enemy team that knows
that how to play around like power
spikes or you know the strength now what
do you think of your group overall we
saw cloud nine just escaped are you do
you feel like cloud nine is strong or
they like kind of shaking I was saying
they're not shaking they're actually
like really rock solid as a
team I think they're I don't think they
like see you know it's not like
sometimes they're really good sometimes
like bad they're always like distant you
know so that's how the scene on Luke's
at least at the 16 the you know course
stage but I was saying scene eyes
definitely it's not their net awake team
cursed they have you know they have
impact he's really good and everyone is
like actually really good Johnson sneaky
in and I you know I had I was in that
night so I know how they're good so
should be seen I should be really good
I'll I'd like to see the c9 vs the
double e I think yeah well that's what
we're gonna see do you think c9 can beat
w e ah it's hard to say but I need to
check because EE it was there like there
is still like first seed but I don't
think they're like definitely you know
strongest team you know so that's why c9
there's a little chance that actually
beat w e yes
now speaking of quarterfinals you will
be placing facing against misfits many
people did not even expect misfits to
make it out of groups now you'll be
playing them in quarters are you worried
at all about these guys no really and
also our I actually expected misfits
it's gonna be quarters yeah kiss they're
actually good as a team yeah and I know
I was in Europe so I know they're hard
here yes also early of the or last year
I actually know some guys in miss phase
kissed they were bootcamping in Korea
and and I was like kind of dare like to
you know say hi you know something like
that and I know they're really good and
for sure when I see the game the miss
base there are definitely not strongest
timber still there's like they have a
strength point somehow and I don't think
it's gonna be that easy okay so still
ask if he will win but it might not be
easy
mm gap that's my prediction yeah how do
you feel about your personal performance
at worlds this year so far I'll say it's
kind of hard to say but well at least we
got first sit and compared to 2015 when
I was in fifth notic I think for now of
course I think I'm better so I'll say
not bad okay now you you because you
played in North America last year I feel
like it's okay to ask you this question
what do you think of TSM immortals just
bustering out of groups in a pretty
embarrassing fashion immortals your old
team and of course TSM like usually the
dominant team in that region so what do
you think um it was really close game
the Emer sport systematic Wow it was you
know my whole team mystery finding each
other and it was feels kind of weird but
you know there's only can teemed you
know qualified one team
I mean all that staring you know first
see it and second see it was not
impossible at that time and it was
really fun to watch but it was always it
was also set to watch the final process
in worlds and yeah it's whatever you
know every time you can't you cannot
every time success and sometimes you
need to go around but you know
everything every team are trying hard
and that's the point even TSM trying
really hard to and Ollie ollie up there
were championship like we have here not
gsm-r really trying hard and really good
too so you know every team is are trying
trying hard like every professional team
every person pub pro player - as a
personally as a team - like so it's just
all lucky yeah just trying next year
again now whenever world started
everybody was talking about this Ardant
mad at cetera I want to get your take on
this new thing that we started to pop up
which is this like Caitlyn pushing thing
what do you think of that and do you
think that we'll start to see even more
evolution on the meadow before
quarterfinals the push mat is kind of
for me it's like opposite side of BAP
because before top you know you play
trundle you can't hit the toilet first
first I fight until five minutes so
that's the point that and the only push
matter is forward I like it come with me
but no it's definitely 95 percentage
she's being always like bottom might
rinse turn around with Lulu like pushing
toward like and swapping and taking
dragons taking lifters of course is
really strong that if you don't make me
stake anyone's because it can be you
know kind of weaker than enemy team that
five versus five composition so so
there's a strength point but there's a
weakness point and it's hard to tell
well hey is there anything that you want
to say - especially in any fans who you
know we're rooting for you before and
I'm sure I'm happy to see you here
maybe even the EU fans from back in the
day on fnatic yo I'm SKT you honey
the you know I used to be a lot of job
in Europe and na so it's really nice to
you guys and I hope you guys are still
cheering for me even though I'm SKT even
though I'm living I left
Europe and na but you know I'm I will
never forget the Europe and any life the
fandoms I still really appreciate it and
you know I will memory forever well
thank you so much for me looking forward
to seeing your play as your head into
the quarterfinals against miss against
miss fits for everyone else it's been a
long a long couple of groups here for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things worlds
right here on my youtube channel I want
to thank you all so much for the kind
words and support about my videos here
in China I've been trying to put out a
ton of great stuff and you know what it
wouldn't be possible if it wasn't for my
sponsor mobile it accessions by
identifying your personal strengths and
weaknesses and you can actually check
them out over at mobile excites you g /
Travis they're also running a great
giveaway that's in the description of
this video so feel free to check them
out